# radio-gaga

Simple web radio player for my elderly mother, no ads, no popups, no settings.

My primary target is a rooted Nexus 7 (android), if you need support for other devices, feel free to PR.

The APK has not been uploaded to the play store, I use "unknown sources" and manual installs,
the device has no gapps installed as a matter of fact.

## installation

1. `npm i`
2. `sudo npm install -g cordova`
3. `cordova requirements`
4. follow cordova instructions! (install java jdk, android sdk, gradle, etc.)

## development

* `npm run dev` starts a webpack server
* `npm run preview:browser` builds a js pack, starts koa static, opens browser
* check _.env.sample_ for env vars

## release

Symlink or copy your _release-key.keystore_ into the _config_ folder. Create a key
with `keytool -genkey -v -keystore ./config/release-key.keystore -alias alias_name -keyalg RSA -validity 10000`
if you don't have one so far.

Run `npm run release:android`, if you have the keystore file in place, jdk properly installed -
this should create a signed and an unsigned binary in the dist folder.

So far the release drafting has to be done manually on github. Do not forget to upload the
signed apk as a binary release.

## stations

Station list is stored in a json config file (_station.json_), right now the application itself
does not fetch/parse remote sites (the list is compiled into the app itself; downloading
a station list json from arbitrary url is possible).

Object format:

* __name__: name of the radio channel
* __url__: homepage
* __locator__: either a suffix to search for in the homepage or an url and a suffix in "url->suffix" format. Use with pls or m3u files, think of it as an extra step.
* __src__: the stream url, audio source
* __shoutcastify__: shoutcast streams must end with a semicolon, but sometimes it is missing from the source (probably appended by an interim flash player)
* __(timestamp)__: Date.now generated by _test-stations_, not required
* __(broken)__: generated by _test-stations_, indicates a severe fetch error (404, 500 etc.)

Use `npm run test-stations` to test and modify the json. If the script fails, update
the file manually or implement new parser logic for offending page. Always review the changeset
generated by the script.
